updated remaining source and target types (#600)
SimpleDataLabsInc/prophecy-docs: docs/Spark/gems/source-target/catalog-table/delta.md

    spark.sql("SELECT * FROM test_db.test_table WHERE col > 10")

}
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>
````

## Target

The Target gem writes data to Delta tables and allows you to optionally specify the following additional properties.

### Target properties

| Property                                 | Description                                                                                                                                                   | Default |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Description                              | Description of your dataset.                                                                                                                                  | None    |

> | Provider                                 | Provider to use. Y**ou must set this to `delta`.**                                                                                                            | `delta` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Provider                                 | Provider to use. **You must set this to `delta`.**                                                                                                            | `delta` |
```
